FLIP for self-ejection (feature for core protocol) (#324)
onflow/flow: flips/20210118-self-ejection.md

* `self-ejection` increases protocol safety as this might prevent a malicious party from entering the network 

## Design Proposal

The node operator wishing to self-eject her node can submit their request via a transaction to the appropriate service account smart contract.
That contract can then validate the request and propagate the resulting identity table change to the consensus committee via a service event.

This matches the flow of information we have for identity table changes during epoch transitions:
nodes submit staking requests to a smart contract, the requests are validated and aggregated into an identity table change,
then the identity table change is propagated to the consensus committee (and ultimately to the protocol state) via a service event.

![Illustration of the self-ejection process. For simplicity, we denote denote the node as well as the node operator requesting self-ejection as _Alice_ ](20210118-self-ejection/Self-Ejection.png)

1. To request self-ejection, the operator (denoted as _Alice_) submits the respective transaction 
   (denoted as _T_) to the network (same process as any other conventional transaction).

>    For security purposes, we might want to require that the request is signed by the staking key of the node that is requesting its own ejection.

Reviewer: This transaction will require access to the resource obtained by the operator during staking registration. For additional security we may want to require that the request is signed by the staking key of the node requesting self-ejection.

Author: much better wording. Included in https://github.com/onflow/flow/pull/324/commits/f4e178e46f2cdfbcc464a444dd686eadac71734f

2. The transaction will eventually be included in a block (denoted as _A_ in the illustration above).

>    1. When the Execution Nodes process transaction _T_, they emit a `Service Event`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. When the Execution Nodes process transaction _T_, a `Service Event` is emitted. 
```
